TAMUR ASAR
tamurasar@gmail.com | (650) 678-3460 | github.com/Tamur11 | linkedin.com/in/tamur-a-74960013a

EDUCATION
Macalester College, MN
Expected Graduation: December 2023
GPA: 3.90
● Major in Computer Science with a focus on Machine Learning and AI
● Relevant Coursework: Introduction to AI, Internet Computing, Database Management, Computer
Systems Organization, Statistical Machine Learning

WORK EXPERIENCES
Software Engineering Intern, Google
June 2023 - September 2023 | Sunnyvale, CA
● Worked on a version of Bard for Google Developers that has been trained on Google's internal
data to complete developer assistance oriented tasks such as finding information, coding, etc.
● Evaluated various prompt engineering strategies, using Python in Google Colab, to develop an
optimized methodology for instructing the large language model to generate and propose
related potential questions that a user might ask in conversation.
● Successfully used Java to wrap the process in an API for future scalability as measured by the
API’s immediate adoption for external, related projects.
● Consulted with UI to enable functional user experiences when utilizing the API within web
chatbot interface.
● Fulfilled an additional project to create a Python script that assesses ML model performance on
different evaluation datasets using various metrics and benchmarks. The script is used daily to
evaluate and improve models.
STEP Intern, Google
May 2022 - August 2022 | Sunnyvale, CA
● Developed fullstack integration between Google Chats and Calendar, under assistive suggestions
platform Bullseye, to reduce user context switching.
● Utilized natural language understanding and grammar rules in SRGS files to proactively detect
agenda-related queries such as “When is our next meeting with John?” in chat conversations.
● Built executors using Java to incorporate Chat, fetch agenda information corresponding to the
NLU developed intent, and provide user facing rendering of relevant calendar information.

PROJECTS
Macalester Classroom Navigation Tool, Software Design and Development Class, Group Project
● Worked with three others over a four month period to build an interactive campus map that can
navigate students to their classrooms. Iterated on and adopted by school.
● Delegated and organized the use of HTML, CSS, and JS, using Git source control to collaborate.
Chess Engine, Personal Project
● Utilized graphical toolkit PyQt5 to build a chess engine in Python using alpha-beta pruning and
quiescence search functionality with piece-square tables for positional evaluation.

ACTIVITIES AND LEADERSHIP
Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning, XCS224N
Winter 2019 - 2020 | 10-Weeks
● Learned how to utilize modern neural network algorithms for processing linguistic information.
● Completed graduate-level course for Stanford’s Artificial Intelligence Professional Program.
Section Leader for Code in Place
April 2020 - May 2020 | Online Course
● Taught weekly sections to twelve international students in an introductory Python course using
Stanford’s CS106A class materials.

