Isaac B. Wan
Skokie, IL | 847-933-0196 | isaacwan7@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/isaac-wan
EDUCATION
Macalester College, Saint Paul, MN
Bachelor of Arts Degree Expected: May 2024
Majors: Computer Science and Chinese Language & Culture
GPA: 3.83
Semester Abroad GPA: 3.86
Honors/Awards: DeWitt Wallace Distinguished Scholarship and John & Dolores Holl Scholarship
Extracurricular Activities/Clubs: Game Developers at Mac (Treasurer) and Macalester Consulting Group (Member)
Relevant Coursework: Introduction to Statistical Modeling
China Educational Tours (CET) Taiwan
National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan, Mandarin Language and Culture
Aug. 2022 - Nov. 2022
● Participated in daily language class (15 hours per week) in the Chinese Language Division, learning new grammar
and vocabulary.
● Attended weekly Taiwanese Cultural elective (3 hours per week), studying Taiwanese history and culture.
● Coordinated weekly meetings with a language partner to practice speaking Chinese and form bonds.
SKILLS
Languages:
Software:

Chinese (Professional) Python (Intermediate)
Postman (Basic)
WordPress (Basic)

Linux (Basic) SQL (Basic)
R (Basic)
Adobe Creative Cloud (Basic) Canva (Basic)

CERTIFICATE / BADGES
Cybersecurity Professional Certificate, Google (In-Progress)
July 2023 - Present
● Completed the first, second, third, and fourth courses of the eight total in the program.
API Fundamentals Student Expert, Postman
Aug. 2023
● Demonstrated proficiency with APIs and Postman by completing foundational tasks in Postman and passing all
tests with a submitted Postman Collection.
Technology Academy, AT&T
July 2023
● Acquired technology and personal growth acumen and professional development.
● Gained insights and advice on technology, leadership, and career from business executives and recognized experts
● Completed entry-level training in data analytics, SQL, leadership in tech, and 5G tech strategy.
CODING PROJECTS / PROTOTYPES
Comp-394 Human Computer Interaction
Spring 2023
● Redesigned Macalester’s MSCS department website for non-MSCS students fulfilling their general education.
● Accomplished by conducting a heuristic evaluation, then assessing the main heuristics related to our user group.
● Modeled our prototype with pen and paper, then revised it using Figma to develop a high-fidelity prototype.
● Thoughtfully engineered a community word library interface to be utilized for AAC devices.
● Achieved by consulting a panel of AAC device users about their issues and applied value sensitive design theory.
● Composed an affinity diagram to narrow our scope and conceptualized our community word library interface.
Comp-225 Software Design and Development
Spring 2022
● Planned and built a Jell-O physics-based, competitive basketball game, “Sqwish,” using a game framework.
● Collaborated with a team over the course of a semester and independently learned JavaScript for our project.
Comp-221 Algorithm Design and Analysis
Spring 2022
● Researched and programmed a Rubik’s Cube algorithm in Java to solve a user’s scrambled Rubik’s Cube.
EXPERIENCE
Macalester’s Digital Resource Center, St. Paul, MN
Sept. 2020 - Present
Assistant
● Manages tech equipment for students and faculty and prepares software for events, projects, or personal use.
● Operates troubleshooting ticket system, TopDesk, to provide technical assistance and 3D/poster printing requests.
● Coded and regularly maintains a Discord bot that connects to TopDesk’s API to pull tickets and post them.
● Taught monthly workshops for students and staff to learn about new technologies and software, such as Canva.
● Organizes Macalester’s WordPress sites using Airtable and migrates sites to the latest version.

